Highs and welcome to this new tutorial and this one we're going to be setting the sequence length to
a maximum length which will be 25 if you remember we already did that previously and actually Part 1
day of pre-processing at the end.
If I remember correctly in this sorting questions and answers by the length of the questions here we
chose to go up to a certain sequence length which was 25 and this plus one wishes to include the twenty
five or be bound but already by doing that we set a maximum sequence length and we have to do it again
here to specify this on our sequence slings variable which is one of the arguments used by the functions
of part 2.
If we go to part two you see the encoder Arnon takes as the argument the sequence length as well as
the decode Arnon right here sequence lengths.
So we have to basically set this sequence length variable now and that's exactly what we'll do in the
tutorial.
So I'm introducing this sequence length variable which is this time not an argument of a function like
previously but a real variable that we'll use later integrate the sequence length variable.
Well we are going to take tenths of flow and this variable has to be inside a placeholder attentive
of placeholder like our model inputs and therefore I'm going to take the place holder but the placeholder
with default function because we're going to set a default value to produce when the output is not fed
into the record or a neural network.
That's why we have to use the placeholder with default function instead of the simple placeholder function.
So placeholder with default and it's going to take as arguments first the maximum length.
We want to have in the sequence which as we chose before is going to be 25 to 25 maximum length.
Then the second argument as you can see is the shape.
And if you look at the tense of the documentation you'll see that it corresponds to a sense of what
sense of shape or a simple list of integers.
And here since sequence length is just a simple maximum length.
There is no tensor to deal with and therefore will just input none.
That's the second argument.
And then finally the third and last argument is just a name we want to give to that sequence length
and will give the following name in quotes sequence lengths.
All right sequence length simply so that we can reuse it afterwards when we need it for the training.
All right so that sets basically the maximum length of the sequences in the questions and the answers.
This maximum length is twenty five which means that in the training we won't be using two questions
and the answer is that I have more than 25 words.
All right so let's execute this line of code execute and there we go.
We have our sequence things viable created that will now be able to use as one of the future arguments
are set to take model function.
So that's a new step done.
And now we're going to move onto the next step.
Another quick step before starting to get the training and test predictions which is going to be to
set this time the input shape this is going to be very easy and we'll do that in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy the build up be.